hello everybody time with flash phones
and today we're going to see how to
remove hands-free activation from the
galaxy s4 now this galaxy s4 we have is
already flashed it's rooted and let's
turn Wi-Fi off and you can still see
that up in the top left corner says it
wants to activate activation is not
complete and this causes a few issues
for us number one it sends up all these
little notifications all the time then
it wants to activate so we want to get
rid of that so in order to do that the
first thing we need to do is put the
phone in ATB mode so to do that lets go
to the dialer dial pound pound three
four two four pound and that's going to
open up your phone utility page if it
asks you for your MSL you'll have to
input that then click and koala comm USB
settings and you'll see it's an MTP mode
we can just put it in MTP Plus ADB and
click OK now we'll click the home button
and let's plug the phone in and go over
to our computer
okay so back over at our computer you'll
see the phone is plugged in and now what
we want to do is put Rudin's explorer on
the phone you can go to the marketplace
and do this or you can use adb shell
either way
so I'll install it pushing it with adb
commands I've got it on my computer if
you want to do that we have a download
link and that will have that root
explorer apk in it for you so you can
just drop that in your adb folder and
push it to your phone if you have no
idea what I'm talking about then let's
go back over to the phone and you can
simply go to the Play Store and once at
the Google Play Store just click the
search bar and type in root explorer and
you'll see a pop up we'll just click it
and any of the root explorers will work
and just go ahead and install that on
your phone now once the root store is
explode its installed on your phone
we'll go to the apps and we'll run it
this particular one is asking if I want
to download utilities I'm just going to
say no for the
and now we're going to scroll down until
we see system I'm going to click on that
and at the top you're going to see apps
a PP go ahead and click on that and now
we're going to scroll down to the esses
and what we're looking for is this
sprint diem apk and when we find it
we're going to hold down on it until
this menu comes up when the menu comes
up let's go ahead and click on rename
and we're going to rename it instead of
apk at the end we're going to type in
bak be a ok and click OK root explorer
is going to ask to be allowed to change
this go ahead and allow it and it will
change the name so now you see there we
have sprint diem vak now let's go ahead
and reboot the phone okay so now we're
booted back up we'll see that the
hands-free notification is now gone and
that's it how to remove hands-free
notification from the Samsung Galaxy S 4
from Sprint
thanks and as always keep on flashing